feat: add agent memory microagents for experiment (#8122)
All-Hands-AI/OpenHands: microagents/agent_memory.md

---
name: agent_memory
type: knowledge
version: 1.0.0
agent: CodeActAgent
triggers:

> - /remember

Reviewer: Nice!

  2. Common commands (build, lint, test, pre-commit, etc.)
  3. Code style preferences
  4. Workflows and best practices
  5. Any other repository-specific knowledge you learn

* IMPORTANT: ONLY LOG the information that would be helpful for different future tasks, for example, how to configure the setting, setup the repository. Do NOT add issue-specific information (e.g., what specific error you have ran into and how you fix it).

* When adding new information:
  - ALWAYS ask for user confirmation first by listing the items (numbered 1, 2, 3, etc.) you plan to save to repo.md
  - Only save the items the user approves (they may ask you to save a subset)
  - Ensure it integrates nicely with existing knowledge in repo.md
  - Reorganize the content if needed to maintain clarity and organization
  - Group related information together under appropriate sections or headings
  - If you've only explored a portion of the codebase, clearly note this limitation in the repository structure documentation

* After completing tasks:
  - Propose updating repo.md with new learnings by listing specific items you'd like to add
  - Wait for user confirmation before making changes

>   - Run lint and typecheck commands if available

Author: yeah.. this was migrated from system message. Let me remove it before merging!

>   - If commands are unknown, ask the user and suggest adding them to repo.md for future reference (with permission)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If you don't know the essential commands for working with the repository, such as lint or typecheck, ask the user and suggest adding them to repo.md for future reference (with permission)
```

Ah I see. This line says to add them if unknown 🤔 

How about this instead? But it's possible yours works better overall, as it seems it doesn't always run them.
